## CRI crypto helpers:

This README provides info on 2 scripts:
- create-jar-request-payload
- create-private-key-jwt-request

### Overview
create-jar-request-payload is used to create the payload needed
for the CRI's session endpoint.
Interacting with a CRI involves using a [JWT-Secured Authorization Request](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9101.html) (JAR) with is signed and then encrypted this is used in the initial POST request to
establish a session with the CRI on the private-api /session endpoint. The session id obtain is used for subsequent invocation of the CRI.

create-private-key-jwt-request is used to create the payload
needed for a request to the token endpoint of the CRI
On a successful, interaction with the CRI an authorization code is produced. This will be required when making a request to the CRI /token endpoint. This is POST request which has to be form url encoded the value is generated by this script
Client must authenticate using the [private_key_jwt](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ClientAuthentication) method 


### Running the scripts

Before running ensure required values have been specified
in a `.env` create this from the template `env.template` file.
Ensure node is installed and run npm i


### Config
There a series of class in the config folder inside the orange-team directory. These classes should be treated as config
- env-config.ts wraps the .env file
- private-key-jwt-auth-config.ts (has minimal for claims used to make a token request)
- shared-claimset-config contain a vcClaimSet which can be used in the JAR can change before running the test.

### Creating a JAR payload
This involves running:
`npx ts-node src/orange-team/create-jar-request-payload.ts`

the output would be of the following format:

```{"client_id":"value-of-clientId", "request":"jwt.request.claims"}```

The above output can then be used on the /session endpoint of the private-api of the CRI to retrieve a session-id. The session-id will be used for subsequent interaction involving the CRI.

### Creating a create private-key-jwt-request authentication request

Run the following:
Before running ensure that the authorization code generated from a 
successful interaction with the CRI is supplied as the value of the `authorizationCode` key in private-key-jwt-auth-config 

`npx ts-node src/orange-team/create-private-key-jwt-request.ts`

This would generate the output needed to make a request to the /token public-api endpoint of the CRI


